# TaskForInternship
Menu with login and registration made in unity and playfab API(Playfab was for backend but i had problems with him so i probably wont make server side in time)
Starting menu functions:
The functions of the start menu:
- Login: checks the folder where user information files are located (more on that later). If it does not find a user file, it displays a warning. Otherwise, it compares the entered password with the password in the file. If they match, the user is taken to the application menu.
- Registration: directs the user to the registration menu.
- Exit: exits the application.
***Both during login and registration, the maximum length of the entered password is 18 characters and the minimum is 8.***
Registration: it includes checks for filling in all fields, checking the correct input of email, and checking if a user with the same name already exists. If all checks pass, a file with the user's data is created in the specified folder (I didn't use any encryption to avoid increasing the amount of code, as I did not implement the server part). This whole file system is just for simulation, so that the buttons don't just redirect the user.
***To test, change the link to your own, as the program will throw an error because it won't find the folder.***
Main application panel: on the right side, you will see fields with a pre-filled nickname and password that you logged in with. These fields are grayed out because they are not allowed to interact with. To change this, you need to click on the "Change Data" button, modify the data, and press "Accept". The script will overwrite the user's file. I can do this even if the functions are called from two different buttons, and the data in the fields is already changed before writing it to the file. The reason why it doesn't throw an error saying that the file with that name is not found is because the script is attached to the panel, and if I can put it this way, it is one and not 2 duplicates. In this script, the old data is saved because I access it again and not load a new one.
Regarding the scaling option, all buttons and panels have anchors, so if you resize the window in the build, everything changes quite well. There may be some issues because I did not set a minimum, but there you would need to shrink the window to the size of a Nokia flip phone, though I am exaggerating, the point is clear.
I did not make an Android build because I would have to rewrite some scripts and debug the UI for screens, and I didn't have time for that. Also, since GitHub does not handle files of such a large volume, and I have never run a Unity project through GitHub LFS, I had to save on plugins. I didn't delete PlayFab because Unity corrupts my UI text in return, so I had to restore the previous commit version.
I tried to keep my code as clean as possible, but I probably overlooked something even after rewriting it in a more structured way; at least everything is not in one function. It is likely that classes could have been further divided into more specialized ones, but setting up delegates and events for Unity would have taken a lot of time, at least for me. I formatted the UI without any "fancy" elements, limited myself to the sliders that were in the initial components and the fonts that were initially provided.
I didnt put builds in this project because i probably wont manage to add them trhough github 100mb rule
